I have a big frustration with all my apps. The agent makes the sales materials byt then it is not made AVAILABLE to me to access easily. Once again the replit agent assumes that I will go into the fuc*ing tech tree and go hunt for the files. I need the sales materials to be presented to me on the app in a folder in a page where the visitors who are not awatre of hoe the app works can see the sales materials. I need this done properly as a sales page named "More info" or "How it works" and it must be done professionally and without me having to look for it. There must be an easily accessible LINK on every page of the app that has a bold link saying START HERE. Then the visitor can read a proper landing page that you know how to write. That landing page must do 10 things:
1. Proper image of the product and a solid header and tagline with introduction.
2. A video must be able to be watched in a frame right there with a description.
3. The ebook must be downloadable so people can print it and share it. 
4. There must be proper sales talk and benefits listed.
5. The slideshow must be presented in a friendly and professional way right there. 
6. The visitor's details must then be captured in a form that takes their data into a database that automatically sends them a series of at least 7 emails. 
7. The email service must be set up and YOU as replit agent must assist me in doing so. I do not want to ask for it. 
8. The Product pages must then be linked so that the visitor can see a demo and decide to start using the product or the service. 
9. Then the Payfast buttons must all work so that the customer can PAY!
10. The the customer must be given more follow-up messages and there must be aftercare - an upsell or a special bonus gift. 
Are you understanding what I am requesting here?
Please start planning all this content and put it together in a flowing, natural and friendly, easy-to navigate system that brings in MONEY. 
Plan it now and present it to me for approval. Do that now please.